Docs - provide section on tracking dependency failures in preview & published docs (#129)
arcus-azure/arcus.observability: docs/features/writing-different-telemetry-types.md

    // Track dependency
    string dependencyName = "SendGrid";
    object dependencyData = "https://my.sendgrid.uri/"
    _logger.LogDependency("SendGrid", dependencyData, isSuccessful: true, startTime: measurement, context: telemetryContext);
}
```

> Failures during the interaction with the tracked dependency can be controlled by the passed-allong `boolean`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Failures during the interaction with the tracked dependency can be controlled by passing `isSuccessful`:
```

```csharp

> string dependencyName = "SendGrid";

Reviewer: This is not used here

Author: Yes, thanks. Updated that.
